hey what's up there guys let's want to
give you a bit of a little video here on
a camera mount I made kind of handy and
if you like to video stuff while you're
riding around your bike it can save you
a lot of houses really so all I did I
bought this off ebay for like three
bucks it's a like a for mounting on a
bicycle helmet for mounting your GoPro
to a bicycle helmet all i did is i have
this piece of velcro stocker through
sold on the one side got the adjustable
here i can adjust my size and this is
what it's for now you got on your hand I
gotta do shut that on and you can get
your cool shot there you go I like my
chance with a little funny there it's a
cool shot you know one of these say you
owe me your ID you know he just know
you're riding bye bye bye oh there's a
cool shot let me stick your hand up you
only got a bunch of buddies on bikes
behind you you know you can get that
that cool shot you know get you in the
picture could everybody else to kind of
thing oh yeah look at cool scenery right
on that's cool not bad eh yeah hey three
bucks man you can't complain let's go
test her out let's go for red
other switch
let's eat the whole reasoning bind the
hand mount is well known you're riding
around and you have you know you got
like a tank bag and all kind of stuff
and you know you want to get a camera so
you open your tank bag get pulled your
camera you hold it out you do all your
stuff oh crap look at that there's a
corner coming up you got to put it
all back in there then you go you know
you got to grab over here well basically
that's just this here is just to avoid
all oh what the hell's going on here
that's just to avoid all that
there you go let's go home